README.md, before:

# Sample React App with Authentication and Hooks

This project was bootstrapped with [Create React App](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app).

## Scripts

In the project directory, you can run:

### `yarn start`

Runs the app in the development mode.\
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.

The page will reload if you make edits.\
You will also see any lint errors in the console.

### `yarn deploy`

Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.\
It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

The build is minified and the filenames include the hashes.\
Your app is then deployed to Firebase Hosting!

## Learn More

You can learn more in the [Create React App documentation](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/getting-started).

To learn React, check out the [React documentation](https://reactjs.org/) or sign
up for a class on React at [Boca Code](https://www.bocacode.com/).

Commit message:

add demo link to README

README.md, after:

# Sample React App with Authentication and Hooks

This sample project was bootstrapped with [Create React App](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app) and uses Material UI Templates.

[See a demo.](https://react-auth-bc.web.app)

## Scripts

In the project directory, you can run:

### `yarn start`

Runs the app in the development mode.\
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.

The page will reload if you make edits.\
You will also see any lint errors in the console.

### `yarn deploy`

Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.\
It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

The build is minified and the filenames include the hashes.\
Your app is then deployed to Firebase Hosting!

## Learn More

You can learn more in the [Create React App documentation](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/getting-started).

To learn React, check out the [React documentation](https://reactjs.org/) or sign
up for a class on React at [Boca Code](https://www.bocacode.com/).
